# Weekly Tracking
_11 July 2022 - 15 July 2022_

## Daily Trackings
[2022-07-11.md](../daily/2022-07-11.md)
[2022-07-12.md](../daily/2022-07-12.md)
[2022-07-13.md](../daily/2022-07-13.md)
[2022-07-14.md](../daily/2022-07-14.md)
[2022-07-15.md](../daily/2022-07-15.md)

## Work Highlights
### Speakerbox Planning
All of Nic's comments are resolved on the planning document, it's coming together
nicely! Started finding a lot of papers to read that hopefully backup our
hypotheses as well.

Separated out the Interjection Classifier work into it's own planning document.

### CDP Scrapers Undergrad Management
Undergrads had a bit of a lull this week. Kunyang was out, Cici has GRE this weekend,
so it was largely just Joy. She is catching up and has her manual mappings done and
is now started on the scraper. I plan on teaching them "industry-level Python"
next week.

### CDP General Literature Review
Still waiting on review from Nic / Bill on the plan.

### Swagit Scraper
Started and completed a scraper to generate data stats from a potential dataset
using the Swagit backend. It has been processing away for ~4000 pages already!
The data looks like it goes back to 1996 in some cases.

### PIT Book - Administration Chapter
Read and watched a lecture and some other resources to add to the chapter.
Thought of some activites but definitely need some comments from others before
I move on simply to make sure I am not lost.

### Software Search
Started a new project that in the end will aim to predict if grant proposals
will deliver software or other similar tooling as a part of the grant work.
