# Weekly Tracking
_03 July 2022 - 08 July 2022_

## Daily Trackings
[2022-07-08.md](../daily/2022-07-08.md)

## Work Highlights
### Speakerbox Planning
Resolved PR comments from To and Isaac about Speakerbox model application function.
The PR should be ready to be merged next week. [Link](https://github.com/CouncilDataProject/cdp-backend/pull/197)

This function was used to generate the Seattle Speakerbox prototype dataset so I am
hoping to have this merged without too many changes for provenance sake.
I don't think many changes will be needed and it should be ready to go.

As a part of this, I thought a bit more about how, unfortunately, or
fortunately, a productionization of Speakerbox is likely the cheapest and most
efficient method for generating the larger dataset once we are ready to do so.

Generating the dataset as a one-off, doesn't produce nearly as much value, and
duplicates cost and time.

### CDP Scrapers Undergrad Management
Undergrads are getting onboarded and doing well. The main task this week was the manual
mapping of municipality data to CDP models. This is tedious but needed to fully learn
the terminology and data structure in my opinion.

Notably however, I think I will be giving them a lecture on: "Good Git and Python
Practices", and yet another on "CI Systems and Bots."

### CDP General Literature Review
Finally finished the second review paper and moved over a lot of notes, and ideas
to a Google doc for tracking that work. Didn't get too far but I think I have ideas
now which I am happy to be moving in that direction.

Main idea: "What is the landscape of automated, computational methods for accountability
in municipal government"

Waiting for review from Nic before continuing.

### CDP General Maintanence and Project Management
Minimal work here but small bugs and fixes and talks had to manage the project and
it's code.

### PIT Book - Administration Chapter
Minimal work but found some links and readings I need to spend time on.
Will likely primarily focus on this until reviews on other documents come back.
