# Daily Tracking
_08 July 2022_

## Originally Planned

### CDP General Literature Review
Hoping to have some idea of a few topics to start exploring first.
Go broad then narrow in.

### PIT Book -- Administration Chapter
Hoping to have at least a nice outline of the things we mentioned yesterday done.
Background, Case Studies, Activities, Readings

### CDP Scrapers Undergrads Management
Respond to PRs / async updates as the come in and help as needed

### Speakerbox Planning
If Nic and/or Bill respond with comments and questions on the Speakerbox planning
doc, respond and resolve. Hoping to get started on prototype analysis when they are done
or the plan is "approved".

### Research Practicum Planning
If extra time, plan for CDP research practicum, likely related to information vectors
into councils.

## Actually Worked On

### CDP General Literature Review
Brought in my written notes and cleaned them up. Thought about and put down thoughts
regarding where I want to head with a general "broad topic search" but also an early
ideas as to what a central topic would be.

[Document Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/109qEX-hhmYvFxkJHGUOhs0EF3cpO8MS11PJavrH5kXM/edit?usp=sharing)

### PIT Book -- Administration Chapter
Barely got started unfortunately. But because we have discussed "Administrative Burdens"
so much, I wondered if there was any lectures on the topic online, and found one
from Don Moynihan.

[Link to Lecture](https://youtu.be/Y4VqvfcRTec)
[Document Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tIGH8GvWXoQE2pide64K-6svzVN8hXFL9wcH7igAxgk/edit?usp=sharing)

### CDP Scrapers Undergrads Management
Helped one of them for a brief moment but not much needed on that front.

### CDP General
Had some time to talk to Brian about CDP work in general. The differences
between the research and community application. We made some plans for both
the research and application side. Notably, since hackathons from DemocracyLab
seem to have stopped, having mini, internal 5 - 6 person hackathons with and open
call to external others may be a nice route to go. Instead of having people
continue to work async, we need to form connections between contributors.

In reference to research, I wanted to talk to him about this because
I was curious as to if we could separate the two sides of the projects a bit.
We can generally, and at the same time, the hackathon idea of, "core contributors
plan a hackathon project" and then mini hackathon may be a good undergrad
research contribution model too.